Docs/ycql deferred index (#20523)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-master.md

Default: `""`

##### --defer_index_backfill

> If enabled, will avoid launching any new index-backfills on the cluster for all new YCQL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, yb-master avoids launching any new index-backfills on the cluster for all new YCQL tables. 
```

Reviewer: not sure if this is what needs to be added, but it feels incomplete.

Author: See https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/20523/commits/a82782f2eca7bcf379d4c6014d38fa4394dcf0a7

> If enabled, yb-master avoids launching any new index-backfills jobs on the cluster for all new YCQL indexes.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If enabled, yb-master avoids launching any new index-backfill jobs on the cluster for all new YCQL indexes.  
```
